Systematically convergent basis sets with relativistic pseudopotentials. II. Small-core pseudopotentials and correlation consistent basis sets for the post-d group 16 …; Benchmark calculations with correlated molecular wave functions. IV. The classical barrier height of the H+H2→H2+H reaction; Accurate correlation consistent basis sets for molecular core–valence correlation effects: The second row atoms Al–Ar, and the first row atoms B–Ne revisited; A comparison of the efficiency and accuracy of the quadratic configuration interaction (QCISD), coupled cluster (CCSD), and Brueckner coupled cluster (BCCD) methods; Gaussian basis sets for use in correlated molecular calculations. X. The atoms aluminum through argon revisited; Gaussian basis sets for use in correlated molecular calculations. IX. The atoms gallium through krypton; Systematically convergent basis sets for transition metals. I. All-electron correlation consistent basis sets for the 3d elements Sc–Zn; Systematically convergent basis sets for explicitly correlated wavefunctions: The atoms H, He, B–Ne, and Al–Ar; Systematically convergent basis sets for transition metals. II. Pseudopotential-based correlation consistent basis sets for the group 11 (Cu, Ag, Au) and 12 (Zn, Cd, Hg) elements; Systematically convergent basis sets with relativistic pseudopotentials. I. Correlation consistent basis sets for the post-d group 13–15 elements; Energy-consistent relativistic pseudopotentials and correlation consistent basis sets for the 4d elements Y–Pd; On the spectroscopic and thermochemical properties of ClO, BrO, IO, and their anions; Quantum chemistry; Energy-consistent pseudopotentials and correlation consistent basis sets for the 5d elements Hf–Pt; Gaussian basis sets for use in correlated molecular calculations. VII. Valence, core-valence, and scalar relativistic basis sets for Li, Be, Na, and Mg; The Molpro quantum chemistry package; On the enthalpy of formation of hydroxyl radical and gas-phase bond dissociation energies of water and hydroxyl; Optimized auxiliary basis sets for explicitly correlated methods; The nature of halogen⋅⋅⋅ halogen synthons: Crystallographic and theoretical studies; Chemical accuracy in ab initio thermochemistry and spectroscopy: current strategies and future challenges
