Transferable Potentials for Phase Equilibria. 1. United-Atom Description of n-Alkanes; Vapor–liquid equilibria of mixtures containing alkanes, carbon dioxide, and nitrogen; Configurational bias Monte Carlo: a new sampling scheme for flexible chains; Novel configurational-bias Monte Carlo method for branched molecules. Transferable potentials for phase equilibria. 2. United-atom description of branched alkanes; Monte Carlo calculations for alcohols and their mixtures with alkanes. Transferable potentials for phase equilibria. 5. United-atom description of primary, secondary, and …; Transferable potentials for phase equilibria. 4. United-atom description of linear and branched alkenes and alkylbenzenes; Computer simulations of vapor–liquid phase equilibria of n‐alkanes; Simulating the critical behaviour of complex fluids; Transferable potentials for phase equilibria. 6. United-atom description for ethers, glycols, ketones, and aldehydes; Hydrogen sulfide capture: from absorption in polar liquids to oxide, zeolite, and metal–organic framework adsorbents and membranes; Ultra-selective high-flux membranes from directly synthesized zeolite nanosheets; Liquid water from first principles: Investigation of different sampling approaches; Influence of surface topology and electrostatic potential on water/electrode systems; Isobaric− isothermal molecular dynamics simulations utilizing density functional theory: an assessment of the structure and density of water at near-ambient conditions; Advances, updates, and analytics for the computation-ready, experimental metal–organic framework database: CoRE MOF 2019; Transferable potentials for phase equilibria. 3. Explicit-hydrogen description of normal alkanes; A method for the direct calculation of chemical potentials for dense chain systems; Improving the efficiency of the configurational-bias Monte Carlo algorithm; High-resolution 13C and 1H solution NMR study of poly (lactide); Development of polarizable water force fields for phase equilibrium calculations
