Influence of carbon on the dynamic changes in C o oxidation state of Ba0. 5Sr0. 5Co0. 8Fe0. 2O3‐δ perovskite catalyst during the oxygen reduction and evolution reactions; Reversible and irreversible transformations of Ni-based electrocatalysts during the oxygen evolution reaction; Ru-doped lanthanum ferrite as a stable and versatile electrode for reversible symmetric solid oxide cells (r-SSOCs); Development of Anion Exchange Membrane Water Electrolysis and the Associated Challenges: A Review; The Role of Phosphate Functionalization on the Oxygen Evolution Reaction Activity of Cobalt‐Based Oxides at Different pH Values; Successful research on hydrogen technologies despite a pandemic health crisis (EFCF2021); Investigating Perovskite Oxide Catalysts As Bifunctional Oxygen Electrodes Using Operando XAS; Direct evidence of cobalt oxyhydroxide formation on a La₀. ₂Sr₀. ₈CoO₃ perovskite water splitting catalyst; Energy System Integration (ESI) Plattform: ESI–eine Forschungs-und Technologie-Transfer Plattform des ETH Bereichs; ESI Achievements Report: Energy System Integration (ESI) Platform 2014–2020; Direct evidence of cobalt oxyhydroxide formation on a La 0.2 Sr 0.8 CoO 3 perovskite water splitting catalyst; Enlightening the journey of metal-organic framework (derived) catalysts during the oxygen evolution reaction in alkaline media via operando X-ray absorption spectroscopy; Correlation between Oxygen Vacancies and Oxygen Evolution Reaction Activity for a Model Electrode: PrBaCo2O5+δ; Perovskite oxide based electrodes for the oxygen reduction and evolution reactions: the underlying mechanism; Synergistic effects in oxygen evolution activity of mixed iridium-ruthenium pyrochlores; Oxygen evolution reaction activity and underlying mechanism of perovskite electrocatalysts at different pH; Co-electrolysis of CO2 and H2O: From electrode reactions to cell-level development; Tuning the Co Oxidation State in [Ba. sub. 0.5][Sr. sub. 0.5][Co. sub. 0.8][Fe. sub. 0.2][O. sub. 3-[delta]] by Flame Spray Synthesis Towards High Oxygen Evolution Reaction …; Tuning the Co Oxidation State in Ba0.5Sr0.5Co0.8Fe0.2O3-δ by Flame Spray Synthesis Towards High Oxygen Evolution Reaction Activity; Surface segregation acts as surface engineering for the oxygen evolution reaction on perovskite oxides in alkaline media
