Water surface is acidic; Autoionization at the surface of neat water: is the top layer pH neutral, basic, or acidic?; Silver versus gold catalysis in tandem reactions of carbonyl functions onto alkynes: A versatile access to furoquinoline and pyranoquinoline cores; Redox control of rotary motions in ferrocene-based elemental ball bearings; Anisotropic intermolecular interactions in van der Waals and hydrogen-bonded complexes: What can we get from density functional calculations?; Hydrogen bonding in water clusters: Pair and many-body interactions from symmetry-adapted perturbation theory; Theoretical study of the protolytic dissociation of HCl in water clusters; Synthesis and Theoretical Studies of a Diorganohydridoplatinum(IV) Complex, PtHMe2{(pz)3BH-N,N‘,N‘‘} ([(pz)3BH]- = Tris(pyrazol-1-yl)borate); Regiochemistry in the Pauson− Khand Reaction: Has a Trans Effect Been Overlooked?; Theoretical Study of the Regiochemistry-Determining Step of the Pauson− Khand Reaction; On early events in the Pauson− Khand reaction; Viologen-based redox-switchable anion-binding receptors; Insight into the Reactivity of Olefins in the Pauson− Khand Reaction; Theoretical study of the addition of hydrogen cyanide to methanimine in the gas phase and in aqueous solution; Comment on Autoionization at the surface of neat water: is the top layer pH neutral, basic, or acidic? by R. Vacha, V. Buch, A. Milet, JP Devlin and P. Jungwirth, Phys. Chem …; Structural, Kinetic, and Theoretical Studies on Models of the Zinc‐Containing Phosphodiesterase Active Center: Medium‐Dependent Reaction Mechanisms; Structure and properties of the weakly bound trimer  observed by rotational spectroscopy; Solvation of the hydroxide anion: A combined DFT and molecular dynamics study; σ-Bond Metathesis Reactions Involving Palladium (II) Hydride and Methyl Complexes: A Theoretical Assessment; Response to Comment on Autoionization at the surface of neat water: is the top layer pH neutral, basic, or acidic? by JK Beattie, Phys. Chem. Chem. Phys., 2007, 9
